[skip] move repository (#98)
yahoojapan/athenz-authorizer: README.md

# Athenz authorizer (moved)

> ⚠️ **Warning**: This repository has been moved to [AthenZ/athenz-authorizer](https://github.com/AthenZ/athenz-authorizer).

> This project is donated to [Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.cncf.io/). All ongoing developments and supports will continue in the new repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is submitted to [Athenz Open-Source Community](https://github.com/AthenZ). All ongoing developments and maintenances will continue in the new repository.
```
